Improvements to the unit tutorial (#6462)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/guide/units.rst

.. _units-sunpy:

Units
*****

This section of the guide talks about representing physical units sunpy.
sunpy makes use of the `astropy.units` for this task.

Quantity objects
================
All functions in sunpy that accept or return numbers associated with physcial quantities accept and return `~astropy.units.Quantity` objects.
These objects represent a number (or an array of numbers) and a unit.
This means sunpy is always explicit about the units associated with a value.
Quantities and units are powerful tools for keeping track of variables with a physical meaning and make it straightforward to convert the same physical quantity into different units.

To use units we must first import them from Astropy.
To save on typing it's standard practice to import the units module as ``u``::

   >>> import astropy.units as u

> Once we have imported the units module we can create a `~astropy.units.Quantity` by multiplying a plain number by a unit::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have imported the units module we can create a `~astropy.units.Quantity` by multiplying an integer by a unit::
```
`plain number` is a weird term here - maybe `integer`?

Author: I'll change this to just "number", as I think `integer` could have the unintended effect of implying you can't multiply a floating point number here (when you can).
